README-en.md, before:

<img align="right" width="30%" height="30%" src="./docs/public/image/scala-icon.png" alt="https://dreamylost.cn">

![Build](https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jxnu-liguobin_cs-summary-reflection&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jxnu-liguobin_cs-summary-reflection)
[![Reliability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jxnu-liguobin_cs-summary-reflection&metric=reliability_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jxnu-liguobin_cs-summary-reflection)
[![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jxnu-liguobin_cs-summary-reflection&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jxnu-liguobin_cs-summary-reflection)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection)](https://dreamylost.cn)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection)](https://dreamylost.cn)
[![](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://dreamylost.cn)
[![](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/python/g/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://dreamylost.cn)
[![Language grade: Java](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/java/g/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/context:java)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection)](https://dreamylost.cn)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors-anon/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection)](https://dreamylost.cn)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection)](https://dreamylost.cn)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/QQ%20Group-655462259-blue.svg?style=social&logo=tencent-qq)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection.svg)](https://gitter.im/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

[中文](https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/blob/master/README.md) | English

# Leetcode teamed up

### Registration route

Just create a issue or leave a message at the end of the [dreamylost's blog](https://dreamylost.cn)

### Way of participation

　Each participating partner will get the Collaborator permission of the code repository,
and can freely submit the code (unlimited language, get more information from [issue #23](https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/issues/23)), claim through issue.

  If you can, it's best to use the most common formatting tools in the current language to format and then submit.
  
* If you use  a JVM language, please use gradle as the build tool and execute `gradle -s spotlessapply` before submitting code
* If you use Rust, please execute `cargo fmt --all` before submitting the code
* If you use a Script language, please do the format consciously, do not make requirements

For details, please see [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING-en.md)

### Other contents
    
- [blog](https://dreamylost.cn) | [CSDN blog](https://blog.csdn.net/qq_34446485)
    - [read on line](./article_list.md)
    
### Language environment of this repository

- Scala 2.12.8+
- Java 1.8+
- Python 3.0+  
- Rust 1.4+  
- Kotlin 1.3+  
- C++ 11
- Ruby 2.5+

### Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://dreamylost.cn"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/29496873?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>梦境迷离</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-jxnu-liguobin" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/commits?author=jxnu-liguobin" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/commits?author=jxnu-liguobin" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/ThomasPerkins1123"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/25691261?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>ThomasPerkins1123</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/commits?author=ThomasPerkins1123" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/LaoZhangCoder"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/28627858?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>laozhang</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/commits?author=LaoZhangCoder" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/CCCCmaster"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/25200717?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>CCCCmaster</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/commits?author=CCCCmaster" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/poorguy"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/624653?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>poorguy</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/commits?author=poorguy" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

### License

[Apache License](https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/blob/master/LICENSE) © dreamylost

Commit message:

update README.md LintCode, nowcoder and Jiuzhang algorithm etc also support

README-en.md, after:

<img align="right" width="30%" height="30%" src="./docs/public/image/scala-icon.png" alt="https://dreamylost.cn">

![Build](https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jxnu-liguobin_cs-summary-reflection&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jxnu-liguobin_cs-summary-reflection)
[![Reliability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jxnu-liguobin_cs-summary-reflection&metric=reliability_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jxnu-liguobin_cs-summary-reflection)
[![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jxnu-liguobin_cs-summary-reflection&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jxnu-liguobin_cs-summary-reflection)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection)](https://dreamylost.cn)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection)](https://dreamylost.cn)
[![](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://dreamylost.cn)
[![](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/python/g/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://dreamylost.cn)
[![Language grade: Java](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/java/g/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/context:java)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection)](https://dreamylost.cn)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors-anon/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection)](https://dreamylost.cn)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection)](https://dreamylost.cn)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/QQ%20Group-655462259-blue.svg?style=social&logo=tencent-qq)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection.svg)](https://gitter.im/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

[中文](https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/blob/master/README.md) | English

# Leetcode teamed up

It also supports LintCode, nowcoder and Jiuzhang algorithm

### Registration route

Just create a issue or leave a message at the end of the [dreamylost's blog](https://dreamylost.cn)

### Way of participation

　Each participating partner will get the Collaborator permission of the code repository,
and can freely submit the code (unlimited language, get more information from [issue #23](https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/issues/23)), claim through issue.

  If you can, it's best to use the most common formatting tools in the current language to format and then submit.
  
* If you use  a JVM language, please use gradle as the build tool and execute `gradle -s spotlessapply` before submitting code
* If you use Rust, please execute `cargo fmt --all` before submitting the code
* If you use a Script language, please do the format consciously, do not make requirements

For details, please see [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING-en.md)

### Other contents
    
- [blog](https://dreamylost.cn) | [CSDN blog](https://blog.csdn.net/qq_34446485)
    - [read on line](./article_list.md)
    
### Language environment of this repository

- Scala 2.12.8+
- Java 1.8+
- Python 3.0+  
- Rust 1.4+  
- Kotlin 1.3+  
- C++ 11
- Ruby 2.5+

### Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://dreamylost.cn"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/29496873?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>梦境迷离</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-jxnu-liguobin" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/commits?author=jxnu-liguobin" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/commits?author=jxnu-liguobin" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/ThomasPerkins1123"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/25691261?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>ThomasPerkins1123</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/commits?author=ThomasPerkins1123" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/LaoZhangCoder"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/28627858?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>laozhang</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/commits?author=LaoZhangCoder" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/CCCCmaster"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/25200717?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>CCCCmaster</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/commits?author=CCCCmaster" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/poorguy"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/624653?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>poorguy</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/commits?author=poorguy" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

### License

[Apache License](https://github.com/jxnu-liguobin/cs-summary-reflection/blob/master/LICENSE) © dreamylost
